
    
        Contents
        
            
                Parsing
            
            
                
                    
                        Parsing stages
                    
                
                
                    
                        Master parser
                    
                
            
        
    
    
        
            Parsing
        
        
            The quiki source language is parsed hierarchically.
        
        
            
                Parsing stages
            
            
                The parsing process is divided into stages in the following order.
            
            
                
                    
                        Master parser: Data is parsed character-by-character to
                        separate it into several blocks. Variable definitions are handled. Comments are
                        stripped. Anything within a block (besides comments and other blocks) is
                        untouched by the master parser.
                    
                
                
                    
                        Block parsers: Each block type implements its own parser
                        which parses the data within the block. Block types can be hereditary, in which
                        case they may rely on another block type for parsing. Map and
                        List are the most common parent block types.
                    
                
                
                    
                        Formatting parser: Many block parsers make
                        use of a formatting parser afterwards, the one which converts text formatting
                        such as [b] and [i] to bold and italic text, etc. Values in
                        variable assignment are also formatted.
                    
                
            
        
        
            
                Master parser
            
            
                The master parser is concerned only with the most basic syntax:
            
            
                
                    Dividing the source into blocks
                
                
                    Stripping comments
                
                
                    Variable assignment
                
                
                    Conditionals
                
            
        
    

